Collection of Quotes

The past is relevant only as data.

Pull on the new flesh like borrowed gloves and burn your fingers once again.

A weapon is a tool. A tool for killing and destroying. And there will be times
when you must kill and destroy. Then you will choose and equip yourself with the tools
that you need. But remember the weakness of weapons. They are an extension --
You are the killer and destroyer. You are whole, with or without them.

For all that we have done, as a civilization, as individuals, the universe is
not stable, and nor is any single thing within it. Stars consume themselves,
the universe itself rushes apart, and we ourselves are composed of matter in
constant flux. Colonies of cells in temporary alliance, replicating and
decaying and housed within, an incandescent cloud of electrical impulse and
precariously stacked carbon code memory. This is reality, this is self knowledge,
and the perception of it will, of course, make you dizzy.

You are still young and stupid. Human life has no value. Haven't you learned
that yet, Takeshi, with all you've seen? It has no value, intrinsic to itself.
Machines cost money to build. Raw materials cost money to extract. But people?"
She made a tiny spitting sound. "You can always get some more people. they
reproduce like cancer cells, whether you want them or not. They are abundant,
Takeshi. Why should they be valuable? Do you know that it costs us less to
recruit and use up a real snuff whore than it does to set up and run the virtual
equivalent format. Real human flesh is cheaper than a machine. It's the axiomatic
truth of our times.

Peace is an illusion, no matter how tranquil the world seems, peace doesn't last long.
Peace is a struggle against our very nature. A skin we sketch over the bone, muscle,
and sinew of our own innate savagery.

The human eye is a wonderful device. With a little effort, it can fail to see even
the most glaring injustice.

Humanity has spread to the stars. We set out like ancient seafarers to explore
the limitless ocean of space. But no matter how far we venture into the unknown,
the worst monsters are those we bring with us.

What we believe shapes who we are. Belief can bring us salvation or destruction.
But when you believe a lie for too long, the truth doesn't set you free. It tears
you apart.

We aren't meant to live forever. It corrupts even the best of us. 
